Orvion Dynamics AI-Powered Object Detection System
Overview
This software, developed by Orvion Dynamics, is a proprietary AI-powered object detection and navigation assistance system. It is designed for real-time object recognition with voice feedback, optimized for low-end hardware while maintaining high accuracy.

This software is NOT OPEN SOURCE and requires a PAID LICENSE for every installation. Unauthorized use, modification, distribution, or resale is strictly prohibited and will be subject to legal enforcement.

Features
✔ Real-time object detection using YOLOv8-Nano
✔ Voice feedback for navigation assistance
✔ Optimized for low-end laptops and Raspberry Pi 5
✔ Grid-based object memory for smarter decisions
✔ Lightweight, efficient, and scalable

System Requirements
OS: Windows 10/11, Linux (Ubuntu, Debian)
Hardware:
Processor: Intel i3 or higher
RAM: 4GB minimum
Camera: USB Webcam or Pi Camera
Dependencies (automatically installed via requirements.txt):
OpenCV
PyTorch
YOLOv8
Pyttsx3
NumPy
Installation
Purchase a License
Contact Orvion Dynamics to obtain a valid license before installation.

Download and Install Dependencies

bash
Copy
Edit
pip install -r requirements.txt
Run the Program

bash
Copy
Edit
python main.py
Licensing and Legal Notice
This software is proprietary and legally protected under Intellectual Property Laws. Every installation requires a separate paid license obtained from Orvion Dynamics.

Strict Legal Conditions
By installing or using this software, you agree to the following terms:

Commercial License Required – Each user or distributor must purchase a license.
No Unauthorized Distribution – You CANNOT share, modify, or resell this software.
No Reverse Engineering – Any attempt to decompile, hack, or extract the software will be met with legal action.
Strict License Enforcement – Unauthorized use will result in financial penalties and legal prosecution.
One License Per Installation – The software cannot be installed on multiple devices using the same license.
Legal Consequences of Violation
Failure to comply with these terms constitutes intellectual property theft and will be pursued under the following:

Copyright Act Violations – Up to ₱1,000,000 in fines and criminal charges.
Unauthorized Distribution Penalties – Each illegal distribution incurs a ₱500,000 fine per instance.
Civil Lawsuits – Orvion Dynamics reserves the right to file lawsuits for damages.
Orvion Dynamics will actively monitor, investigate, and take legal action against any unauthorized use.
